Alt-text for group Canvas discussion boards, team charter, and reflection assignment images.

Group Canvas Discussion Board:
Image with thinking heads above pins pointing to the words idea, planning, strategy, and success

Team-Charter:
A Baldo Comic Strip from April 19, 2013.
1st comic: Four students are sitting together looking at assignment papers. The comic main character, Gracie, says "I've always dreamed of being on an academic team like this!"
2nd comic: The image zooms in on Gracie. Gracie says "It's great that we can all depend on each other!"
3rd comic: The image zooms out a bit to show Gracie and Teammate 3. Teammate 3 says "Uhh..."
4th comic: The image zooms out again to show all four students (Gracie and three others). Gracie looks concerned. Teammate 3 says "We're kind of all depending on you, Gracie."

Assignment-01:
Comic strip of chaotic meeting where team members are all over the room. Two are staring out the windows, one is sleeping, one is reading, and one is throwing paper airplanes. A manager looking in the room tells another potential team member, "We like to bring together people from radically different fields and wait for the friction to produce heat, light and magic. Sometimes it takes a while."

Assignment-02:
Agile comic strip. A man and woman are having a meeting via webcam. The woman asks "What's our strategy?" and the man replies, "We're going Agile! The future is uncertain. Things are changing so fast. We need to adapt quickly. We can't define everything upfront." The woman clarifies, "What do you mean by Agile?". The man answers, "That's one of the things we can't define upfront."

Assignment-03:
Comic image. An elf shows Santa Claus a data dashboard and says, "Next up, sir, we have Lucy, age 8, who prepared these nifty data visualizations of all the times and places she was nice this year."

Assignment-04:
Comic strip. Cat looks at himself in the mirror and says "It's important to reserve some time for self-reflection. Wouldn't you agree, stranger?"

Assignment-05:
Image with paint streaks in the background and a green box with the quote “Being a Project Manager is like being an artist, you have the different colored process streams combining into a work of art.” ~ Greg Cimmarrusti